{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1251\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1059\deflangfe1059{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset204\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f364\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f362\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f365\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f366\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f367\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f368\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f369\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f370\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f374\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f372\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f375\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f376\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f377\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f378\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f379\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f380\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f724\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}
{\f722\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f725\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f726\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f727\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f728\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}
{\f729\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f730\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Tahoma (Vietnamese);}{\f731\fswiss\fcharset222\fprq2 Tahoma (Thai);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1059\langfe1059\cgrid\langnp1059\langfenp1059 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs32\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1059\langfe1059\kerning32\cgrid\langnp1059\langfenp1059 
\sbasedon0 \snext0 \styrsid596806 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \cbpat9 \rtlch\fcs1 \af36\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f36\fs20\lang1059\langfe1059\cgrid\langnp1059\langfenp1059 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \ssemihidden \styrsid596806 
Document Map;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid596806\rsid1325370\rsid4214232\rsid10254391\rsid15290467}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.0000;}{\info{\title 1}{\author M.}{\operator M.}{\creatim\yr2021\mo9\dy23\hr22\min20}
{\revtim\yr2021\mo9\dy24\min22}{\version4}{\edmins1}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords593}{\nofchars3621}{\*\company Org.}{\nofcharsws4206}{\vern24617}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1417\gutter0\ltrsect 
\deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz141\donotembedsysfont1\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen\expshrtn
\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1417\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\viewnobound1\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel
\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot596806\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid596806 
\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs32\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs32\lang1059\langfe1059\kerning32\cgrid\langnp1059\langfenp1059 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid596806 1. The essence of the task.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid596806 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1059\langfe1059\cgrid\langnp1059\langfenp1059 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid596806 
\par Implement the system - outgoing call generator (hereinafter referred to as IO).
\par IO is used for advertising campaigns. This is a hot call to the subscriber base with advertising offers.
\par The system consists of two parts - the server and the client.
\par The server is responsible for call logic and outgoing call implementation.
\par The client has an interface for managing the creation and launch of call campaigns. The real-time client displays information about the current status of the campaign that is currently running.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid596806 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs32\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang1059\langfe1059\kerning32\cgrid\langnp1059\langfenp1059 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid596806 2. Requirements for implementation of the client part.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid596806 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1059\langfe1059\cgrid\langnp1059\langfenp1059 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid596806 
\par 2.1. When loading, the client opens the configuration file and reads the server connection parameters if the file is not available or has the wrong format - reports this with an alarm message and stops working, otherwise the transition to paragraph 2.2.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe1059\langnp1033\insrsid596806\charrsid596806 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid596806 2.2. The client connects to the server and checks whether the server is available
. You can choose how the server is available. If the server is unavailable, reports it with an alarm message and stops working, otherwise the transition to paragraph 2.3.
\par 2.3. The client downloads a file containing campaign objects.
\par The campaign object contains the following data:
\par \bullet  Campaign name
\par \bullet  Campaign Priority
\par \bullet  Promotional text that you need to talk to the subscriber when successfully trying to dial
\par \bullet  List of subscribers to call (hereinafter referred to as the job). The list contains the following data:
\par - Subscriber name
\par - Subscriber's phone number
\par The maximum number of campaigns is not limited to functional requirements. You can choose the format of the description of the campaign object yourself. If the campaign description format is incorrect or an
 error occurred while trying to open the file - reports this with an alarm message and stops working, otherwise go to item 2.4.
\par 
\par 2.4. The client establishes a connection to the server and sends to the server a data stream containing 
all the information about the campaigns described in the file. If there is a failure at the data transfer stage - reports this with an alarm message and stops working, otherwise the transition to item 2.5.
\par 2.5. The client enters the display mode of the cur
rent status of running campaigns on the server. The information about the current running campaign is displayed. The fields "Campaign Name," "Campaign Priority" and information about the current job (subscriber name and number) should be displayed.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe1059\langnp1033\insrsid596806 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe1059\langnp1033\insrsid596806\charrsid596806 2.6. After completing the last campaign, the customer must inform that all tasks have been completed and complete.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid596806 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs32\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang1059\langfe1059\kerning32\cgrid\langnp1059\langfenp1059 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1033\langfe1059\langnp1033\insrsid596806\charrsid596806 3. Server Part Implementation Requirements.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid596806 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1059\langfe1059\cgrid\langnp1059\langfenp1059 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang1033\langfe1059\langnp1033\insrsid596806\charrsid596806 
\par 3.1. When loading, the server opens the configuration file and reads the client connection parameters to it. If the file is opened or the format is incorrect - reports this with an alarm message and stops working, otherwise the transition to item 2.2.

\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid596806 3.2. The server starts listening on the port specified in the configuration file.
\par 3.3. The server must be
 able to accept a data packet from the client containing an array of campaign objects. If the data packet could not be received to the end, it reports this with an alarm message and stops working, otherwise the transition to paragraph 3.4.
\par 3.4. The server starts running campaigns. Campaigns are run in order of priority. If the priority is the same, a campaign containing fewer jobs is selected. If the number of jobs is also the same, the execution order is arbitrary.
\par 
\par 3.5. Running a campaign involves calling
 all tasks in the order they are defined in the campaign object and "playing" the text of the advertising message to the off-hook subscriber. Set the playback duration so that the user can listen to the text to the end.
\par 3.6. The server informs the client of the current running campaign (see item 2.5).
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid596806 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs32\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang1059\langfe1059\kerning32\cgrid\langnp1059\langfenp1059 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid596806 4. General requirements.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid596806 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1059\langfe1059\cgrid\langnp1059\langfenp1059 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid596806 
\par The application must be running in a linux environment. The application is console. It is not necessary to implement physical calls, it is enough to make an emulation that will be cle
arly displayed on the client. For simplicity, we believe that all calls within the campaign are successful. In the accompanying letter, indicate in which environment it was assembled (compiler, kernel version, used libraries).
\par 
\par }}